Docs: Update and split up main documentation (#505)
Palakis/obs-websocket: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to obs-websocket

## Translating obs-websocket to your language

Localization happens on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/obs-websocket)

## Branches

**Development happens on `4.x-current`**

## Writing code for obs-websocket

### Code Formatting Guidelines

> -   Function and variable names: snake_case for C names, MixedCaps for C++ names

Reviewer: @tt2468 What do you think of this?

```suggestion
-   Function and variable names: snake_case for C names, camelCase for C++ method names
```

-   Request and Event names should use MixedCaps names

-   Request and Event json properties should use camelCase. For more detailed info on property naming, see [Google's JSON Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsoncstyleguide.xml)

> -   Tabs are 8 columns wide

Reviewer: This is ambiguous. I'd rather something in the likes of:

```suggestion
-   Code is indented with Tabs. Assume they are 8 columns wide
```
